or 40 pocket tender hose DeCicco what's
your record right now it's 25 and 3 with
14 kids say your last pot last was the
Eiger Santana was it who was it was my
last loss yeah Henderson well you
knocked him down and I'm hurting a
drought right yeah dropped in Pisces
now you got a good one two feet going on
and you almost put that guy on your last
fight where you laughter the distance
yeah and you have a fight coming up you
pumped over I fight yeah man I took a
few days off after my last fight back in
training stronger than ever actually
oh good kept my weight down so it's nice
is it nicely stay active that's the best
do you have any goals this year that you
want to do you want to try to get us be
title shot to me like that one of the
smaller regional titles or I want to
take a shot at the top ten I feel that I
can hang right in there with the top ten
so hopefully I can get a crack at one of
the big guys and show everybody what I
got now you sparred you were sparring
with a little arrow when he was prepping
to fight now Peter Lua what do you think
why I love them I you spar with them you
see legit is he good that good or what
what do you think yeah he's good man
he's a
I'm underrated I guess you could say
he's better than a lot of people think
he hasn't he's nothing really like his
videos show a lot of his older videos I
mean at least in smart people like he's
evolved into a more craftsman into craft
a lot more smarter are you gonna put you
can push Thompson boxing and Cap'n over
to probably get you a bigger fight it
goes well Thompson boxing and you see
hopefully you're the first fighter that
good touch the box he ever signed a
contract I'll watch our contract what's
the first one how's that filled up
that's good man huh it's good man
Thompson is Tom sending Goosen up
treating you right and good fights
coming up and how is Kent tops a nice
guy a big boxing fan huh yeah what about
and who do you think would you like in
that koto fight with Pacquiao that's
gonna be a tough fight man they can go
either way but I think big backyard what
about Mayweather Marquez he's
unstoppable
and what do you think about the Nate
Campbell Timothy Bradley fight I mean I
think Campbell Campbell lucked out man
Jimmy since the beginning and either way
you know who's going the wrong way for
Burnett comment wasn't it
thanks for the seat oh okay good luck on
your fight coming up next Friday
you